README.md, before:

# ReportSystem - modular Reportsystem
Simple and clean reportsystem with UI's for everyone!
<br>This plugin use [dktapps](https://github.com/dktapps) great [pmforms](https://github.com/dktapps-pm-pl/pmforms) API library. (although old but functional at least)

> Equipped and Integrated with [CortexPE/DiscordWebhookAPI](https://github.com/CortexPE/DiscordWebhookAPI)

## Todo List

- [x] Commands
    - [x] /report
    - [x] /reportlist
    - [x] /reportadmin
- [x] Admin
    - [x] Admin ui
    - [x] Direct ban
    - [x] Send report to all op's and permitted players
- [x] Missing Features
    - [x] Modular system
    - [x] "back" and "exit" buttons
    - [ ] Multilang
    - [x] Review notification
        - [x] For new reports
        - [x] at join
    - [x] Visible review
    - [ ] Plugin ingame settings
    - [x] Config file
    - [x] Customization
        - [x] prefix
        - [ ] messages
    - [x] Deleteable reports
    - [x] Recycle Bin
    - [x] Discord Integration
    - [x] and more ;)
- [x] API for other plugins

## Where can i download ReportSystem?
> Coming soon

## Permissions
### /report
No permission needed - useable for everyone

### /reportadmin
Permission: `reportsystem.admin`
Permission to open admin ui

### /reportlist - !New Permission!
Permission: `reportsystem.list`
Permission to open report list

## For plugin devs
`Report::getInstance()`
<br>Get plugins instance

`Report::getInstance()->getReportList();`
<br>Returns array of all reports

`Report::getInstance()->getRecycleBinList();`
<br>Returns array of all reports in recycle bin

`Report::getInstance()->saveReport($reportname, $reporter, $playername, $desc, $notes)`
<br>Save another report

`Report::getInstance()->sendReportToMod()`
<br>Send "new report" mesage to all server mods

`Report::getInstance()->sendReportToMod()`
<br>Send "new report" mesage to all server mods

`Report::getInstance()->checkForUnreviewed()`
<br>Returns true if some reports are unreviewed
<br>and more API methods, just look into [main class](https://github.com/HonorGamerHD/ReportSystem/blob/master/src/ImNotYourDev/Report/Report.php). ;)

## Help me to add more features!
create an new pull request and help me to develop this reportsystem!

## Collaborators
- [HonorGamerHD aka ImNotYourDev](https://github.com/honorgamerhd)
- [princepines/Lycol50](https://github.com/Lycol50)

Commit message:

cucumber with or without compatibility notice

README.md, after:

# ReportSystem - modular Reportsystem
Simple and clean reportsystem with UI's for everyone!
<br>This plugin use [dktapps](https://github.com/dktapps) great [pmforms](https://github.com/dktapps-pm-pl/pmforms) API library. (although old but functional at least)

> Equipped and Integrated with [CortexPE/DiscordWebhookAPI](https://github.com/CortexPE/DiscordWebhookAPI)

> Direct Ban is now Supported, **compatible with or without [cucumber](https://github.com/Lycol50/cucumber) plugin!**

## Todo List

- [x] Commands
    - [x] /report
    - [x] /reportlist
    - [x] /reportadmin
- [x] Admin
    - [x] Admin ui
    - [x] Direct ban
    - [x] Send report to all op's and permitted players
- [x] Missing Features
    - [x] Modular system
    - [x] "back" and "exit" buttons
    - [ ] Multilang
    - [x] Review notification
        - [x] For new reports
        - [x] at join
    - [x] Visible review
    - [ ] Plugin ingame settings
    - [x] Config file
    - [x] Customization
        - [x] prefix
        - [ ] messages
    - [x] Deleteable reports
    - [x] Recycle Bin
    - [x] Discord Integration
    - [x] and more ;)
- [x] API for other plugins

## Where can i download ReportSystem?
> Coming soon

## Permissions
### /report
No permission needed - useable for everyone

### /reportadmin
Permission: `reportsystem.admin`
Permission to open admin ui

### /reportlist - !New Permission!
Permission: `reportsystem.list`
Permission to open report list

## For plugin devs
`Report::getInstance()`
<br>Get plugins instance

`Report::getInstance()->getReportList();`
<br>Returns array of all reports

`Report::getInstance()->getRecycleBinList();`
<br>Returns array of all reports in recycle bin

`Report::getInstance()->saveReport($reportname, $reporter, $playername, $desc, $notes)`
<br>Save another report

`Report::getInstance()->sendReportToMod()`
<br>Send "new report" mesage to all server mods

`Report::getInstance()->sendReportToMod()`
<br>Send "new report" mesage to all server mods

`Report::getInstance()->checkForUnreviewed()`
<br>Returns true if some reports are unreviewed
<br>and more API methods, just look into [main class](https://github.com/HonorGamerHD/ReportSystem/blob/master/src/ImNotYourDev/Report/Report.php). ;)

## Help me to add more features!
create an new pull request and help me to develop this reportsystem!

## Collaborators
- [HonorGamerHD aka ImNotYourDev](https://github.com/honorgamerhd)
- [princepines/Lycol50](https://github.com/Lycol50)
